So now you know how to basically manipulate files, you can move and copy them around, but it's nice
to be able to see what's inside them, too.
So that's where the cat command comes in useful.
So this command is actually kind of interesting because it's one of the most misused commands in all
of Linux.
And some hardcore Linux users will shame you if you use it the wrong way.
But in real life, this is what you'll be doing all the time.
So you can just write 'cat my_moved_file'.
So there's something in that file, but cat is actually short for concatenate.  You can use this command
on your two files at once.
my_moved_file and my_copied_file.
So this they both had the same thing in their the word "something", so but you can pass as many files
as you want to here.
You could pass all the files in in the Desktop.
So you do 'Desktop/*'.
There's just all all of your scripts that you have written, all just in one big line.
So there's not always a lot of purpose to concatenate a whole bunch of files, but it can be useful
at times, but it's perfectly fine to just use cat get one file and look at it.